download source.net hello everyone welcome to
the channel if you are trying to convert or save
images in SVG format using Photoshop but can't
find where to do it this short video will show
you how to enable the Legacy export as option in
Photoshop this will allow you to save content in
SVG formats straight from Photoshop if you're
new to the channel don't forget to drop a like
and consider subscribing we'd really appreciate
it anyway let's get started first open Photoshop
then go to edit in the top left hand corner
from the drop down menu choose preferences
then export this will open a new window on
this screen find and place a tick in the use
Legacy export as checkbox it's in the bottom
left hand corner finally click ok to save the
changes that's the first part of the process
complete now that we have enabled SVG support
in Photoshop we can export or save content using
it to save content in Photoshop using the the SVG
format you will need to do the following first
open your content next go to file export then
export A's this will open a new window here
use the drop down menu under file settings in
the top right hand corner and select SVG the
default settings usually work fine however if
you need to customize anything feel free to
change the settings now just click export to
save your file in SVG format the files will save
to the same folder that you are already using for
your other content that's all there is to it just
keep in mind that using SVG format for non-vector
Content isn't ideal so if you do have the choice
try to stick to format specifically designed for
your type of content anyway that wraps up this
video if you found it helpful let us know in the
comments and if you know any other good ways
to save or convert content to SVG format drop
a comment below as well as always thanks for
watching and we'll see you in another video